zh, en: add relay-dir for source-configuration-file (#679)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/relay-log.md

## Start and stop the relay log feature

<SimpleTab>
<div label="v2.0.2 and later versions">

> In DM v2.0.2 and later versions, the `start-relay` command is used to configure one or more DM-workers to migrate relay logs for the specified data source. The configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file is no longer valid. If DM finds that `enable-relay` is set to `true` when [loading the data source configuration](manage-source.md#operate-data-source), it outputs the following message to guide you to use the `start-relay` command:
> 
> ```
> Please use `start-relay` to specify which workers should pull relay log of relay-enabled sources.
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
> Since DM v2.0.2, the configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file is no longer valid. If DM finds that `enable-relay` is set to `true` when [loading the data source configuration](manage-source.md#operate-data-source), it outputs the following message:
> 
> ```
> Please use `start-relay` to specify which workers should pull relay log of relay-enabled sources.
> ```

```

Reviewer: @GMHDBJD Please help change L105 to "In the command `start-relay`, you can configure one or more DM-workers to migrate relay logs for the specified data source, but the DM-workers specified in the parameter must be free or have been bound to the upstream data source"

> In DM v2.0.2 and later versions, you can use the command `start-relay` to start pulling relay logs and use `stop-relay` to stop the process. See the following examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In DM v2.0.2 and later versions, you can use the command `start-relay` to start pulling relay logs and use `stop-relay` to stop the process. See the following examples:
```

## Start and stop the relay log feature

<SimpleTab>
<div label="v2.0.2 and later versions">

> **Note:**

> > Since DM v2.0.2, the configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file is no longer valid. If DM finds that `enable-relay` is set to `true` when [loading the data source configuration](manage-source.md#operate-data-source), it outputs the following message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 
> Since DM v2.0.2, the configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file is no longer valid. If DM finds that `enable-relay` is set to `true` when [loading the data source configuration](manage-source.md#operate-data-source), it outputs the following message:
```
Need a blank line in a note.

}
```

</div>

<div label="earlier than v2.0.2">

> In DM versions earlier than v2.0.2 (not including v2.0.2), DM checks the configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file when binding a DM-worker to an upstream data source. If `enable-relay` is set to `true`, DM enables the relay log feature for the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In DM versions earlier than v2.0.2 (not including v2.0.2), DM checks the configuration item `enable-relay` in the source configuration file when binding a DM-worker to an upstream data source. If `enable-relay` is set to `true`, DM enables the relay log feature for the data source.

See [Upstream Database Configuration File](source-configuration-file.md) for how to set the configuration item `enable-relay`.
```
